#ZF
NID: ZF-24202405071914

# Normalization
## NF1
- Must have primary key
- Must not use row order to show info
- Must not use multiple datatypes in one field
- Must not contain repeating groups in a single row 
Eg:

| Player | Item1  | Quantity1 | Item2      | Quantity2 | Item3  | Quantity3 |     |
| ------ | ------ | --------- | ---------- | --------- | ------ | --------- | --- |
| asd    | Sword  | 1         | Coin       | 233       |        |           |     |
| www    | Coin   | 32        | Sword      | 3         | Shield | 3737      |     |
| wasd   | Bucker | 23        | Black Dust | 22        |        |           |     |
^ This is WRONG.
Instead, have **2** tables, 1 table with username and ID, and another table with ID, Item_Type and Quantity

## NF2
- Each non-key attribute must depend on the entire key.
- Formally, {keys} -> {value}, the value must be dependent on the entire key of the table (composite keys so), not a subset or a larger key.
This is to prevent accidental loss of data. 
- Eg. If we add a player's ranking to a `player_inventory` table, when we delete an item from the player-inventory, we lose data of the ranking. (deletion anomaly)
- If a player has multiple items, when he changes his ranking, we have to update all the rows belonging to the player. If  a row is missed, an inconsistency will occur. (update anomaly)
- If a new player joins, it doesn't have any data stored in `player_inventory`, so it's data will be lost. (insertion anomaly)
## NF3
- All non-key attributes depend ONLY on the key, not on any other non-key attributes. 
- Formally, non-key attributes cannot have transitive dependencies to the key 
- Eg: You can't have `Player_Ranking` and `Player_Skill_Level` in one table, if `Player_Ranking` depends on `Player_Skill_Level` (Formally, you can't have {`key`}->{`Player_Skill_Level`}->{`Player_Ranking`})
To fix this, we can have 2 tables:
- In one table, {`key`}->{`Player_Skill_Level`}
- In another table, {`Player_Skill_Level`}->{`Player_Ranking`}
- Therefore, each item in both tables depends on the key, only the key, and nothing but the key.
 